Q! Come join us.
I've prepared a lot of food today.
How was today? Are you guys tired?
Just a little bit.
Why is there so much food? Is it someone's birthday today?
There's no special occasion. You guys went out the whole day.
I thought you guys would probably be hungry.
So did you guys finish filming everything today?
Oh, I just have to edit the video and the audio...
I also need to put subtitles, which will take quite a while.
Other than English subtitles, I was also thinking of putting Japanese subtitles.
Q, you should learn how to do these things too.
If you get chosen next year, you'll know how to do everything already.
I am helping him.
I'm also going to help him with the video editing at his place tomorrow.
You don't have to!
It's okay. Everyone already helped me so much.
I can do the rest by myself.
That's not what I mean.
I meant to say that you can come work on the video here until it's done.
And I can take care of your meals.
How does that sound?
Then... if it's not too much to ask...
May I work here for a while?
Come here, come, come here.
Do you have a fever or something?
Huh?
You told me to go with them today because you didn't want them to be alone together.
And now you're arranging it so that they can be together?
Aren't you worried they're going to start developing feelings?
If that's going to happen, I'd rather it happen here.
At least they'll be within my sight.
I also don't want to get into an argument with my son.
Like how you did with Dad.
I guess that's true.
It'd be great if he could think like you.
But I also understand him.
It's hard for someone of his generation to suddenly change their point of view.
It's a good thing that you're not angry at him.
I still hope that one day both of you will be able to understand each other better.
I'm very glad that you're willing to understand and adjust yourself so you can maintain a good relationship with your son.
I want my son to know that I will always be by his side.
No matter who he is.
That's great! Because if you love him, you have to give importance to his happiness.
But if you love yourself more than you love your son...
You just have to... love your son more!
Seriously, what you've said up until now...
Is what you want to say to Dad, right?
(Day 18)
What time is it?!
It's 9 in the morning.
It's already past the time to pay respect to the national flag.
When did you get here?
How did you get in?
I just arrived.
Uncle showed me the way here.
But I think...
You should quickly take a shower and change your clothes.
If you dress thinly like this...
you might get sick.
I'll wait for you downstairs!
Since you've woken up, find something to eat too, okay?
Your Uncle and I will go outside for a bit.
You guys prepared so many things...
Where are you going?
To your Grandpa's house.
I think it's time I face the problems I had with your Grandpa and try to fix it.
Do you want to come with us?
No thanks.
Then look after the house while we're gone.
I can trust both of you, right?
Of course. You guys don't have to worry about anything.
They're acting weird today.
It's not like they've never left the house to me before.
- Thank you.
- Do you like it?
- Yes, I do.
You look just like a princess.
Why do I have to wear this?
It's not like I'm going with you.
What if you get to go?
Will you wear it?
Yes!
You guys look really good together. It's like you're shooting for a pre-wedding.
Can I take some photos?
Of course!
Here, turn this way.
Okay.
I'll use it to promote my shop.
X.
I think it's a little weird here.
Look.
Q.
What?
No way!
Are you satisfied yet?
I'm very happy for you.
I think Dad has become more lenient towards you.
Let's take it slowly.
Okay.
What's that sound?
Aim it properly!
You have to go at it hard, like this, at the head.
X!
What are you guys doing?!
What are you guys playing?
We're shooting zombies.
He's as bad as you.
He's as fierce as a tiger the first few levels...
But after that, he's as bad as a...
Dog.
(Day 19)
What's wrong with the both of you?
My face is heavily injured like this...
Aren't you going to ask me anything?
- What happened to you?
Whatever.
Let's talk about you guys. What's wrong?
- I have something to confess!
- But if I say it out loud...
- I-
Can you guys stop talking at the same time?
Say it one at a time.
- You go first.
Stop arguing.
Toy.
You go first. What's wrong?
I...
I think I like Mook.
And she asked me to go to the Awards Ceremony with her.
Please don't be angry at me, Q. I'm sorry.
How can you do this to your friend?
Wait.
Aren't you angry?
This means that you're losing your bet with X!
Nah, I'm not.
Actually, I'm happy.
You'll finally get a girlfriend.
But what I want to tell you...
might make you guys...
even more shocked.
- What is it?
I...
I'm...
- What?
I like X.
- What?!
I like X!
- Shit!
I don't want to keep it from you guys.
Because you guys are my best friends.
But if you guys feel disgusted that I'm like this...
I understand.
Aren't you looking down on us too much?
Why would I feel disgusted just because my friend fell in love?
Hm?
I'm actually really happy that you told us.
No matter who you love...
You're still my friend.
Yeah!
Don't worry, man!
Thank you so much, both of you.
For understanding me.
Isn't that what friends are for?
Yeah. Also...
Aren't you guys curious about what happened to me?
So how's the progress between you and X?
It's going pretty nicely.
- Listen to me first!
- What about you and Mook?
It's going great.
21 days theory?
Are you kidding?
Nope. You can google it.
It's a psychological theory.
When someone does something routinely for 21 days...
It'll eventually become a habit.
Not stopping yet?
- Give me that.
- Oh, wait!
So you tested the theory out with him?
So did it go well?
Yeah.
Anyway...
I also have to thank you.
For helping my plan of conquering Q go smoothly.
- Still not going to stop filming?
- What are you gonna do-
- Wait, wait-
- Stop filming!
So all of this was just a plan?
So you don't actually feel anything, right?
Q.
Since when did you get here?
Long enough...
For me to hear about your plan of deceiving me!
This is all just a joke to you, right?
Everything that happened...
Was for the purpose of messing with my head...
Deceiving my mom...
Deceiving my uncle...
Just to satisfy your own humor!
Q, it's not like that.
Leave me alone. Let go!
Q!
Come on!
That's enough!
Let's go!
I don't want to be here either.
Q, listen to me!
Wait, don't!
Let's wait for him to calm down.
Then we'll go and explain everything.
But-
I'll be gone the day after tomorrow.
And tomorrow I have to-
I can't wait.
Q!
Today is the last day that I'll tutor you.
How come?
Did my mom not tell you to continue tutoring me?
Don't worry about that, I'll talk to her.
My mom only has me left, so she'll follow my request.
It's not that...
I'm very busy with classes at uni.
I also have to take care of Mook.
You don't have to set a fixed schedule for me like before.
We can meet whenever you're free.
I promise I'll be a good student and study hard.
Frank, listen to me.
Even if I don't tutor you anymore, your mom will find someone else for you.
No.
I don't want to lose you.
I love you.
This is the reason! I don't want you to love me-
- What if I do something wrong and-
- I want you to be my older sister!
Brothers... and sisters?
Your older sister...
died because of the Coronary Artery Disease?
Yes.
That's why I wanted to become a doctor.
If my sister was still alive, she'd be the same age as you.
And...
Were you close with your sister?
I... When I was a kid...
I'd often get bullied.
My sister would always protect me.
I was a kid that wasn't good at anything.
I felt that...
Every time I'd make a mistake...
My sister would always protect me.
One time...
A dog tried to bite me.
My sister protected me, and she ended up getting injections because of that.
Apart from becoming a doctor, I also want to be strong enough so I can protect other people.
Is that why...
You jumped in and fought with that guy?
Thank you so much.
Come on.
Let's continue.
It's not easy to become a doctor.
I'm not going to let you off easily anymore.
Does that mean...
You're going to continue being my teacher?
You don't have to call me teacher!
Let's see which day I'm free...
Do I even have a free day?
- Okay.
- Let's continue.
You can't complain, okay?
Good.
You're back?
X didn't come with you?
No! If he comes, tell him to leave!
Should I go upstairs and have a look?
Nah.
It's their problem.
Let them handle it themselves first.
Hello, Mom. Hello, Uncle.
What happened to your face?
There's a small misunderstanding.
- Can I see Q?
- I'll go call him for you-
Get out! We have nothing to talk about!
Do not come here anymore!
This place does not welcome you!
I think you should go back first. Nothing will come out of talking right now.
But-
Just trust me.
We'll help you talk to him.
Q, get inside.
Mom-
I also have to thank you.
For helping my plan of conquering Q go smoothly.
- Still not going to stop filming?
- What are you gonna do-
- Wait, wait-
- Stop filming!
So all of this was just a plan?
So you don't actually feel anything, right?
This is all just a joke to you, right?
Deceiving my mom...
Deceiving my uncle...
Why do I have to believe you?
Because I don't care if nobody believes me.
But the one person that I hope would believe me...
Is you.